# Introduction to supervision 

This is an introduction text that explains that I will be your
supervisor for your project and outlines some guidelines for our
collaboration.

As you can see from this text, my first language is English. So anyone
that wants to work on their English writing, or just get more exposure
to economics in English it might be a good opportunity for you -- If you
want to work outside of the country or in most multinationals here in DK
it is typically a requirement (Danmarks Nationalbank included). You will
not be assessed on your grammar, but you will need to make sense and
write in a professional manner.

If you would prefer to work in Danish, you are of course welcome to.

To get the most out of the supervision I recommend that in addition to
the introductory meeting, 3 group meetings should be sufficient.

0\. **Introductory meeting:** We will go through literature search and a
few useful tools for writing in a collaborative project. (I will try to
do a digital/video guide so that you can watch / view / pause rewind the
info as much as you please.)

Here I will also try to get to understand where you are as a group in
terms of 5 main areas:

1.  Your subject specific knowledge (this till be in terms of the
    specific topic that you have chosen to work on).

2.  Your experience and knowledge of group project work.

3.  Your skills in project and process management for getting the job
    done.

4.  Your technical academic skills -- Theory of science, methodology,
    methods and theory.

5.  Your project writing skills -- The practical writing tools,
    reference mangers, programming skills, collaboration tools etc.

1\. **Meeting 1:** You need to have worked on and bring a complete
problem statement (see the guide and tips below), we will discuss it in
the first meeting.

2\. **Meeting 2:** The literature review, and expected method should be
done, and any data or materials you plan to use should be collected. We
will go through your planned method and argumentation in the meeting.

3\. **Meeting 3:** The analysis should be complete, and you should have
some working points for your discussion / conclusions. We will go
through your arguments verbally, and I will probe any major gaps I see
in your thinking.
