# Guidelines for supervision

1.  Any team member can communicate with me via Teams on behalf of your
 group. I expect that all communication has been discussed an
 agreed upon.

2.  Just as you can expect me to read and provide comments on the days
 of meetings, I expect you to respect the deadlines you choose.

    a.  If you want something read before the meeting, it must be sent
     to me **at least 2 working days before the meeting**, **I.e.
     Midnight Thursday for a Monday meeting**. (Max 10 pages per
     meeting)

3.  I will read and comment generally on the work but **will not make
 decisions for you**. Your ability to choose and apply the correct
 methods is part of what you will be assessed on.

4.  Each meeting is planned for one hour.

5.  **[For every meeting you should bring with:]{.ul}**

    a.  Your problem statement (as it evolves with your work).

    b.  A list of literature that you have covered up to that point
     (only the literature you have already read).

    c.  Any additional formalities (this will depend on how big your
     group is).

6.  The date by which you will be ready for the next meeting.

## Examinations

You can write and be examined in Danish or English. If you choose
Danish, it might be the case that one of our Danish speaking staff will
join in the examination, 1x external examiner + me + possibly 1x Danish
AAU examiner. This will depend on departmental resources, but you will
not be disadvantaged in any way because of any limitations that I might
have with the Danish language.

## Leave periods (absenteeism)

I will be away from Aalborg for the following periods:

1.  Weeks 13 and 14. Thursday 2021/03/25 to Monday 2021/04/12.

## Teaching and time pressures

I will be teaching Mathematics 2 on each Wednesday of weeks 17, 18, and
19 -- for these weeks the best days to meet will be Thursday or Friday.

## Rough guide to project structures 

This is a **very rough** guide to writing a project. It is intended to
give you a very basic idea of what to include in a good project.

In terms of pages, each group will know how many people they have, the
official **maximum number of pages** (by character count, 2400
key-strokes including spaces) are:

1 Person: 15 pages

2 People: 25 pages

3 People: 35 pages

4 People: 40 pages

**Filling the pages is not the goal**, and you will not be given a
higher grade for filling all of your allocated pages with pointless
text. You will also not be penalised if you can get your message across
clearly in fewer pages. Keep in mind, that the average journal article
is roughly 15 -- 25 double spaced pages (around 8000 words).

You only need to address **one** problem, and to do it as well as
possible.

The written project is intended **to communicate** that you have done
your homework on your subject. This means that as a student **you should
be able to demonstrate that you**:

1.  Can identify an economic problem (or gap in the literature) that you
 think needs to be addressed (and why?!).

2.  Can find, read and understand literature about the problem, and how
 others have dealt with it (reading and organising literature).

3.  Can find the relevant information or data that you need to assess
 the problem, and that you know what to do with it when you do find
 it (number 2 helps with this) (data and methods).

4.  Can present your findings in a well written document, where you give
 credit to all the authors that helped you to understand the
 problem (references).

5.  If you make a statement, you either need to back it up with your own
 evidence, or someone else's.

Compressing all of that into 8000 words is much more challenging than
filling 40 pages with unnecessary text and graphics. It also requires
much more cooperation on and discussion of what needs to go into those
pages to make them as effective as possible.

A good group member is one that can read a piece of writing critically
and give constructive feedback -- to do this effectively is necessary
for all group members to be clear about the "red thread" in the project
(the "why").

**I would personally prefer that you write about 15 pages of really good
work than 40 pages of low-quality work.**

## For a journal article size paper these are some rough guidelines: 

The share of pages between the sections depends on how much space you
*need*. I say *need*, because people reading your work want to get the
clearest message, in as few words as possible. A (very) rough guide as
to how many (academic) references each section could have is included in
red text.

1.  Abstract (+-150 words)

2.  Introduction (0.75 -- 1.25 pages) (Motivation, justification,
 explanation of why? (4 -- 5 references))

3.  Literature / theory (1.5 -- 3 pages, depending on how theoretical
 your paper is) (Demonstrate reading (6 -- 12 references))

4.  Method (0.75 -- 3 pages, depending on how complex the explanation
 needs to be) (Justify choice, explain details (4 -- 5 references))

5.  Results (1 -- 3 pages) (Presentation of results (2 -- 5 references))

6.  Discussion (2 -- 5 pages) (Interpretations, comparisons,
 perspectives (4 -- 5 references))

7.  Conclusion (1 page) (Link discussion to introduction (No new
 references))

(The max pages in this example is 16.5 pages -- it is just an example,
and the split between the sections will change depending on the type of
research.)

(Min references in this example is 20, but this is on the high side. You
won't have time to read as much as that. 8 -- 15 references in total
should be enough if you find some really good ones.)

Keep it simple! That is the best advice I ever got. . . and the hardest
to follow, because you really need to be sure of what you're talking
about to write clearly and simply.